the c-span networks bring you long-form
public affairs programming from the
nation's capital and are a public
service of your television provider
c-span created by cable alright
everybody here we go I am the last
person standing between you and your
after party so in just an hour and 15
minutes you'll be walking out of here
alright I'm gonna break Jay Leno's
record tonight strap in here we go good
evening mr. president
or as Paul Ryan refers to you yet
another inner-city minority relying on
the federal government to feed and house
your family I'm a big fan of President
Obama I think he's one of the all-time
great presidents definitely in the top
50 please explain that to Jessica
Simpson
you're right that was low all right how
about the president's performance
tonight everyone it is it's amazing that
you can still bring it with fresh
hilarious material and my uh my favorite
bit of yours was when you said you'd
close the detention facility at
Guantanamo Bay that was a classic that
was hilarious hilarious still going I'd
like to take a moment to recognize the
first lady mrs. Obama you have been very
kind to me and my family especially when
you showed us all how to tear a phone
book in half with your bare hands that
was was a credit I'd also like to thank
the White House Correspondents
Association for having me and for not
being able to book Jimmy Fallon that's
true
all right um look I know it's been a
long night but I promise that tonight
will be both amusing and over quickly
just like Chris Christie's presidential
bid
I got a lot of these tonight so buckle
up Governor Christie excuse me
extender buckle up all right oh I
deserve that I agree on that one that
you're right on now allow me to tell you
a little about myself my name is Joel
McHale I'm on an NBC show called
community that's exactly what I thought
I also host a show called the soup which
is on the E network
thank you to Republicans in attendance e
is the channel that you're deeply
closeted gay son likes to watch
Democrats is the same channel that
you're happy openly gay son likes to
watch is also home to the Kardashians
who believe it or not are Republicans
and I know that because they're always
trying to screw black people
yep now just the men okay
it's an honor to be here tonight at the
Washington Hilton I'm tingling with
excitement or maybe that's just the
bedbugs I hope you all enjoyed your
dinner the filet tonight was grass-fed
beef freshly dragged off the cliven
Bundy ranch the steaks are very tasty
once you pull off the tiny white hoods
oh say are you like liven bunny okay I
get it all right great
all right let it be known let the record
show all right um tonight's show is
being broadcast on c-span c-span is yeah
c-span is like one of those Paranormal
Activity movies
it's just grainy shots of empty rooms
interrupted by images of people you're
pretty sure died a few years ago yeah
oh and stay tuned after the
Correspondents Dinner for an all-new
episode of c-span's hit show so you
think you can remain conscious very
competitive um this is the 100th year of
the White House Correspondents
Association yes 100 years ago CNN was
only searching for the Wright brothers
plane it's true and the Correspondents
Dinner itself is a tradition dating back
to 1920 back then this event was only
for men it's true and there's a plaque
in the lobby commemorating this as the
location of the very first ever total
sausage fest
hashtag total sausage fest but that's
all changed now America is truly a land
of diversity only here would you find a
black president a soon to be Hispanic
majority and all 19 nationalities
contained within Arianna Huffington's
accent that was low it's a genuine
thrill to be here in Washington DC the
city that started the whole crack
smoking mayor craze you guys were the
first
I hope he's not here tonight um people
say that Toronto Mayor Rob Ford is a
clumsy mess but he can't help and he's a
big guy he's like a bowl in a crack pipe
shop between Rob Ford Justin Bieber and
Ted Cruz you just want to tell Canada
hey hey relax we already have a Florida
Ted Cruz proposed a government shutdown
to protest the Affordable Care Act and
everyone else in Congress decided to go
along with it simply to get some time
away from Ted Cruz the Tea Party is anti
socialism and anti immigration so it
makes sense that their hero is a Cuban
from Canada poignant that one was
poignant the Vice President isn't here
tonight not for security reasons he just
thought this event was being held at the
Dulles Airport Applebee's yes right now
Joe is elbow deep and jalapeno poppers
and talking to a construction cone he
thinks is John Boehner
also true it's crazy to think that Joe
Biden is only one heartbeat away from no
one taking him seriously as president
sorry that our Biden will likely be
running for president in 2016
saying and I quote there's no obvious
reason not to he talks about his
motivation for a presidential run as if
he's deciding to finish a meatball
hoagie hey it's there isn't int okay I'm
saying if the bread is toasty and the
cheese is warm I'm gonna finish that
thing Jill bring me my hoagie bib no not
that one the fancy one Hillary Clinton
has a lot going for her as a candidate
she has experience
she's a natural leader and as our first
female president we could pay her 30%
less that'sa saving this country could
use who's with me
Hillary's daughter Chelsea is pregnant
which means in nine months we will
officially have a sequel to bad grandpa
it also raises the question when the
baby is born
do you give pill Clinton a cigar you
guys sound like you're on a roller
coaster right now
there's a heated race on the Republican
side they're all battling to see who
will win over the GOP base and more
importantly who gets to apply Turtle Wax
to Sheldon Adelson's rascal scooter Jeb
Bush says he's thinking about running
Wow another Bush might be in the White
House it is it already time for every 10
years surprise party for Iraq
yes um as it stands right now the
Republican presidential nominee will
neither be Jeb Bush Rand Paul or a bag
of flour with Ronald Reagan's face drawn
on it bag of flour all right
people are asking will Donald Trump run
again and the answer is does that thing
on his head crap in the woods
I actually don't know I don't know I
don't know if that thing on the side has
a digestive system so
speaking of digestive systems chris
Christie is here he's actually here
tonight Wow
sir you are a glutton for punishment so
here we go chris Christie his
administration canceled the train tunnel
to Manhattan they're closing the Pulaski
Skyway and they blocked the George
Washington Bridge
finally a politician willing to stand up
to America's commuters governor do you
want bridge jokes or size jokes cuz I
got bunch of both I could go half in
half I know you're like a combo platter
now I get that I'm sorry for that joke
Governor Christie I didn't know I was
gonna tell it but I take full
responsibility for it whoever wrote it
will be fired but the buck stops here so
I will be a man and own up to it just as
soon as I get to the bottom of how it
happened because I was unaware it
happened until just now
I'm appointing a blue-ribbon Commission
of me to investigate the joke I just
told and if I find any wrongdoing on my
part
I assure you I will be dealt with
I just looked into it it turns out I'm
not responsible for it justice has been
served
he's going to kill me mr. president
you're no stranger to criticism Ted
Nugent called you a subhuman mongrel and
it's comments like that which really
make me question whether we can take the
guy who rode Wang dang sweet poontang
seriously anymore your approval rating
has slips and even worse you've only got
two stars on Yelp Mitch McConnell said
his number-one priority was to get the
president out of office so Mitch
Congrats on being just two years away
from realizing your goal you did it kind
of mr. president your harshest critics
have compared you to Joseph Stalin Adolf
Hitler and even Satan and I just have to
say those comparisons are outrageous you
look way older than those guys just
because look Morgan Morgan Freeman has
played a president a few times that
doesn't mean you have to look exactly
like him all right but you are healthy
which is great every year the White
House doctor checks the president's
colon for polyps and George Clooney's
head
yeah
yeah it's good to see that White House
press secretary and boy detective Jay
Carney is here
it's a big night for Jay I haven't seen
him this nervous since the president
told him look just go out there and tell
them the websites broken they'll
understand that actually probably was a
moment um mr. president you have to
admit you already have the launch of
healthcare.gov was a disaster it was so
bad it was bad look I don't even have an
analogy because the website is now the
thing people use to describe other bad
things they say stuff like uh I
shouldn't I mean that sushi I was up all
night healthcare.gov Aang oh boy that
latest Johnny Depp movie really
healthcare.gov to the box office look at
my new rug the dogs healthcare.gov on it
you can't get healthcare gog of had a
shag but thanks to Obamacare or as the
president refers to it me care millions
of newly insured young Americans can
visit a doctor's office and see what a
print magazine actually looks like
that's awesome
now over 8 million people have signed up
for Obamacare which sounds impressive
until you realize ashley tisdale has 12
million Twitter followers so it's pretty
good um there's a lot going on in the
world right now there's a madman who's
had plastic surgery running around
annexing small countries in Eastern
Europe and all I keep thinking is what
the hell is Bruce Jenner doing in Crimea
I even get that show there but sir I do
think you're making a big mistake with
Putin you have to show a guy like that
that you're just as crazy as he is he
invades Crimea you invade Cancun Russia
takes back the Ukraine America takes
back Texas something to think about
Julia Pierson the new director of The
Secret Service is here tonight yeah
under her leadership Secret Service
agents no longer can sort with
prostitutes thanks to their new too
drunk to make it to the brothel program
I'm sure she loves that the Director of
National Intelligence James clapper is
here finally I couldn't put a face to
the mysterious voice clearing its throat
on the other end of the phone it was
weird and you know to prepare for
tonight I've been watching a lot of
cable news I am a big fan of that
lesbian on MSNBC Chris Hayes he's great
yeah yeah I agree
MSNBC is a confusing place I mean al
Sharpton is their skinny guy and CNN is
desperately searching for something
they've been missing for months their
dignity
totally that was just that table at this
point CNN is like the Radio Shack and a
sad strip mall you don't know how it
stayed in business this long you don't
know anyone that shops there and they
just fired Piers Morgan
thank you Fox News is the highest-rated
Network in cable news now I can't
believe your tables for stop that far
mm-hmm and it's all thanks to their key
demographic the corpses of old people
who tuned in to Fox News and haven't yet
been discovered
former Inside Edition host Bill O'Reilly
is not here he did host that Bill's got
another book coming out soon so he's
making his ghost writers work around the
clock
Bill O'Reilly megyn kelly and Sean
Hannity are the Mount Rushmore of
keeping old people angry this event
brings together both Washington and
Hollywood the relationship between
Washington and Hollywood has been a long
and fruitful one you give us tax credits
for film and television production and
in return we bring much-needed jobs to
hard-working American cities like
Vancouver Toronto and Vancouver again
Hollywood helps America by projecting a
heroic image to the rest of the world we
just released another movie about
Captain America or as he's known in
China captain who owes us 1.1 trillion
dollars there's a lot of celebrities
here tonight
they're the ones that don't look like
ghouls look around the cast of veep is
here that's a series about what would
happen if a Seinfeld star actually
landed on another good show I like the
new adventures of old Christine I swear
I just the folks from duck dynasty had a
very challenging year the grandfather on
that show made homophobic and racist
comments but people are overlooking
another issue he really hates ducks
house of cards has had a huge impact on
Washington what a great show I haven't
seen a southern senator give a tour de
force performance like that since
Lindsey Graham played Blanche DuBois in
a streetcar named desire and Lindsey if
you're here now you can drop character
any time man
oh my um and I'm not going to spoil the
shocking twist on house of cards
but just know that it was so surprising
that Nancy Pelosi's face almost changed
expression did you like that one Nancy
I can't tell alright uh I'd like to
congratulate Jared Leto who was here
tonight on his Oscar and - the
Republican senator who asked to be
introduced to quote that hot chick from
Dallas buyers club you are in for a very
interesting evening
Richard Sherman has already had an
impact on tonight's event he's
intercepted all three of Tim Tebow's
attempts to pass the dinner rolls oh and
Russell Wilson is also here from my my
Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks
Peyton Manning he wanted to be here
tonight but he can only move four yards
at a time
- you're right he's not here to defend
himself legendary actor Robert De Niro
is here tonight everyone now I don't do
a DeNiro impression but I do an
impression of Robert De Niro's agent you
ready here this ready ring ding he'll do
it
yeah
mr. DeNiro I was in spiked ID's for so
clearly I'm beyond reproach so so I will
see you on the set of Spy Kids 5 I'm
sure um Biz Stone the founder of Twitter
is here so if any of you congressmen
want to cut out the middleman just show
him your penis not now nuts okay those
are my warm-up jokes I'm kidding I'm
kidding I uh I I'm kidding I want to
leave you tonight with a bit of a pep
talk
America has seen her share of challenges
but as my agents told me when I booked
an NBC sitcom hey things could be worse
huh now have you watched the news yeah
not not CNN I mean like the real news
it's pretty bad in other places
by comparison America is doing great I
mean this year after months of heated
debate and controversy we achieved
something that will impact the health of
millions we brought back Twinkies and
we're no longer the fattest country in
the world now Mexico is but don't worry
we'll be number one again as soon as
they all come over here
and what's our biggest concern as
Americans TV show spoilers in other
countries a spoiler consists of hey I
haven't been back to the village yet so
don't tell me who survived the drone
strike no spoilers
sorry about
America still has amazing technological
innovations Google glass has hit the
market now just by walking down the
street we'll know exactly who to punch
in the face in America we see gluten and
peanuts as threats to our kids in other
countries gluten and peanut are the
nicknames of warlords who have child
armies so we're better um America is
doing just fine guys how do I know that
because we're making a fourth movie
about trucks that turn into giant robots
and why are they making a Transformers
for because there's still so much story
left to tell so chin up everyone this
country is still number one in the all
important categories of cream filled
pastries face computers and robot trucks
education the economy and the
environment hey we'll get them next time
and here's why America is the best
country in the world a guy like me can
stand before the president the press and
Patrick Duffy and tell jokes without
severe repercussions and instead of
being shipped off to a gulag I'm going
to the Vanity Fair afterparty
that's right this is America where
everyone can be a riot this is one
of the coolest things that has ever
happened to me ever in my entire life
thank you mr. president
thank you mrs. Obama and thank you White
House Correspondents Dinner and Thank
You c-span viewer good night everybody
thank you
all right